Update anel_pwrctrl.markdown (#27731)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/anel_pwrctrl.markdown

  required: false
  type: string
port_recv:

>   description: The port the device receives data to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: The port on which the device receives data.
```

  required: true
  type: integer
port_send:

>   description: The port the device sends data from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: The port from which the device sends data.
```
